this woman pulled her hair up her gaze
was filled with hatred
she rushed in and stabbed it then
quickly finished with another one
what makes her being so cool let's find
out with us
a couple was on a fun trip then halfway
through a muscular man suddenly
the husband did not understand what was
going on because that bastard kept
killing his wife
she didn't care raised her middle finger
at the other man's face
it was just a small accompaniment and it
could not affect their moods
after that the two of them were walking
in the woods when it rained
they quickly took shelter in a wooden
house but when they opened the door they
were shocked
it was filled with guns seeing that the
situation was not right
they wanted to leave at that moment the
muscular man appeared again and knocked
out the husband
the man told the couple this is the
place where the two of them should not
go and they do not expect to be able to
leave either
as soon as he finished speaking he
pulled out shot them both at night
the couple's bodies were thrown in the
middle of the forest but fortunately
brenner was not dead the bullet did not
kill brenner as soon as she woke up
she pulled off the rope and felt extreme
pain when she looked at the body of her
husband beside her
then brenner tidied her hair preparing
to avenge her husband
dillian before returning to the locked
house yesterday brenner used an axe to
sharpen a branch to use as a weapon
then bravely approaching one of the
thugs and took his life
after entering the house she looked at
the bloodstains from her husband last
night and decided to kill everyone there
she found two men in the forest quickly
she hit one in the head with a glass
bottle but this guy was not weaker fell
to the ground
but she wants
moments after the second man woke up he
was questioned by her about butch's
location
but he was quite stubborn she had to
pour a barrel of gas and set a fire to
attract the attention of butch and his
gang
the first woman to get up was the boss
here all thugs call her mama
she sent butch to check out the
situation then she sent another man to
find information about brenner
it turned out that brenner was a member
of the ranger's special force
and she was also the only female mama
feels a bit scared
this time they've messed with the wrong
person on the other side
sheriff hank was hunting when he heard
the explosion he went to the scene and
discovered the body parts left
immediately called to alert the other
officers to investigate
teammates arrive and tell him this is
mama's subordinate
the former sheriff also had to give in
to her but hank did not care
setting up mama to investigate mama
confidently faced hank's question
she said that her subordinates died
because of suicide but hank did
not believe in that crap who would
commit suicide by stabbing themselves
six times
but mama didn't say anything more and he
didn't have any evidence
so they left at night brenner came to
them she smashed the doorman on the head
with a glass bottle use a nice
deflective throat
then retrieved the ring from butch's
neck this is her and dillian's
engagement ring it was extremely
important to her
while hiding she discovered this gang
not only
so
this time mama's subordinates also bring
dogs she can only go down the river and
find the polices looking for the sheriff
the two girls were exhausted for the
whole night and went to sleep quickly
after that they were called to wake up
by thugs rudely pulling them out of the
car
it turns out that those polices had been
bribed by mama they brought the two
girls into a room
because emily was pregnant with butch's
baby so mama temporarily spared her
and brener was hung up and tortured
although emily was pregnant she was
still nothing in their eyes
she still has to do the heavy work mama
even threatened her
waiting for the baby to be born and she
would also die when she gave the food to
brenner
emily was almost harmed again and
brenner saved her
which touched emily even more and she
bravely picked up her knife and began to
fight back
her gratitude to brenner overcame her
weaknesses brenner helped her to cut off
the ropes
then she picked up a doping syringe to
inject herself so that she could recover
to be able to fight
brenner went out into the hall to meet a
thug coming she stabbed him in the leg
with a knife
and then finished him suddenly from
behind came a man who strangled her
she tilted her head and smashed it then
punched the crab out of him
brenner came to the kitchen two of the
thugs were filled with
and not knowing what happened
mama finds the situation was bad for her
she holds a knife to emily's neck to
threaten brenner forces brenner to drop
her weapon
but breener disagrees mama directly cuts
emily's
and then runs away three months later
mama received a friendly greeting
message from brenner
suddenly there was a gunshot mama's head
was blown breener has successfully
avenged her husband and dozens of
innocent people
hoping that they would rest in peace